
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000502                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   501584000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  501584000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                               82658959                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 231728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 77173                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 79943                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 80467                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 80557                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 77449                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 81573                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 79541                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 76446                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               633149                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       399616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5525                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5482                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5537                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5409                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5437                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            443294                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  10960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  10958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  11104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  10858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  10871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6244                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5496                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5409                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5437                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5416                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                49922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                153858576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                159381081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                160425771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                160605203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                154408833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                162630786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                158579620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                152409168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1262299037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         796708029                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                10718045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                11015104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                10929376                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                11039028                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                10957287                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                10783837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                10839660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                10797793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              883788159                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         796708029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               164576621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               170396185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               171355147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               171644231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               165366120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               173414622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               169419280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               163206960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2146087196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99682                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55240                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.390751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.595348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      393.390751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.768341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339133                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339133                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23969                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23969                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0    672506192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    672506192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    563028530                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    563028530                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1235534722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1235534722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1235534722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1235534722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          45465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         25089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.805411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.955359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.858732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.858732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 18365.453930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18365.453930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 23489.863157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23489.863157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 20392.736429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20392.736429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 20392.736429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20392.736429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       823442                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66357                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.409271                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15286                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15286                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    635888192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    635888192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    539061530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    539061530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1174949722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1174949722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1174949722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1174949722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    753971133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    753971133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    753971133                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    753971133                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.805411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.955359                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955359                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.858732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.858732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 17365.453930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17365.453930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 22489.946598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22489.946598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 19392.769439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19392.769439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 19392.769439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19392.769439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 76081.849950                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 76081.849950                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 49324.292359                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 49324.292359                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99541                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55028                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22314                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.210618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.597351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      393.210618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.767989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.767989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338638                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1    672762640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    672762640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    564762705                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    564762705                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1237525345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1237525345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1237525345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1237525345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         25095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.808096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954214                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954214                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.860144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.860144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 18355.414166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18355.414166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 23584.845277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23584.845277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 20421.884303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20421.884303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 20421.884303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20421.884303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       822356                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.429994                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15391                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15391                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    636111640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    636111640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    540817705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540817705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1176929345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1176929345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1176929345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1176929345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    750538193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    750538193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    750538193                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    750538193                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.808096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954214                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954214                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 17355.441449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17355.441449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 22584.887038                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22584.887038                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 19421.917308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19421.917308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 19421.917308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19421.917308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 76088.624594                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 76088.624594                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 48764.745176                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 48764.745176                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99993                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55211                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.533782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.595509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      392.533782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.766668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338842                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338842                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           23917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2    667892138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    667892138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    561829218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    561829218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1229721356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1229721356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1229721356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1229721356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         25048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.808551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.954847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.860535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.860535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 18177.398089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18177.398089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 23490.789731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23490.789731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 20272.359974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20272.359974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 20272.359974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20272.359974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       824101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66507                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.391192                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        23917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2        10005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15487                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15487                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    631149138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    631149138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    537912218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    537912218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1169061356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1169061356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1169061356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1169061356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    759988155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    759988155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    759988155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    759988155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.808551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.954847                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954847                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.860535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.860535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 17177.398089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17177.398089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 22490.789731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22490.789731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 19272.359974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19272.359974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 19272.359974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19272.359974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 75960.835082                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75960.835082                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 49072.651579                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 49072.651579                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99085                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55606                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22528                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.624901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.588982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      391.624901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.764892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.744141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339302                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339302                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           24225                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24225                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3    671429109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    671429109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    572133441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    572133441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1243562550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1243562550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1243562550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1243562550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         25359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.806012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.955282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.859653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.859653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 18426.112380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18426.112380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 23617.479505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23617.479505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 20499.184854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20499.184854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 20499.184854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20499.184854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       821290                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.411068                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks          10017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total               10017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        24225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15311                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15311                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    634992109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    634992109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    547908441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    547908441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1182900550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1182900550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1182900550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1182900550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    743773245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    743773245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    743773245                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    743773245                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.806012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.955282                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955282                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.859653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.859653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 17426.167266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17426.167266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 22617.479505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22617.479505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 19499.217823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19499.217823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 19499.217823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19499.217823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 76104.905863                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 76104.905863                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 48577.705245                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 48577.705245                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99978                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55474                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22223                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.899958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.612427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      391.899958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.765430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.791016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              340964                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             340964                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4               10061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total              10061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4              10061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total             10061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           24186                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24186                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4    668441602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    668441602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    573535032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    573535032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1241976634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1241976634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1241976634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1241976634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         25357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.805108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.953819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.858240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.858240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 18201.268945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18201.268945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 23713.513272                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23713.513272                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 20390.022065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20390.022065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 20390.022065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20390.022065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       823668                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66629                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.362005                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        24186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15299                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15299                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    631717602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    631717602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    549351032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    549351032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1181068634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1181068634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1181068634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1181068634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    748050214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    748050214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    748050214                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    748050214                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.805108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.953819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 17201.296174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17201.296174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 22713.595965                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22713.595965                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 19390.071317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19390.071317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 19390.071317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19390.071317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 76323.866340                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 76323.866340                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 48895.366625                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 48895.366625                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55110                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.816568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.599095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      391.816568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.765267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              340100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             340100                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           24029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5    677475643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    677475643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    566244558                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    566244558                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1243720201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1243720201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1243720201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1243720201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.806650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.955960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.859691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.859691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 18409.163963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18409.163963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 23565.048816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23565.048816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 20445.835953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20445.835953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 20445.835953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20445.835953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       821580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66406                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.372075                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks          10004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total               10004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        24029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15177                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15177                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    640675643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    640675643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    542215558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    542215558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1182891201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1182891201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1182891201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1182891201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    744215663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    744215663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    744215663                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    744215663                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.806650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.955960                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955960                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.859691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.859691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 17409.191136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17409.191136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 22565.048816                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22565.048816                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 19445.852392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19445.852392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 19445.852392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19445.852392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 76212.561495                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 76212.561495                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 49035.755617                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 49035.755617                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99774                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55185                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22542                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.726459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.585241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      391.726459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.765091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339673                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339673                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           24079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6    672502171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    672502171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    571063447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    571063447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1243565618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1243565618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1243565618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1243565618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         25226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.808175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.954531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.860446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.860446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 18326.307254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18326.307254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 23716.244321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23716.244321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 20461.795442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20461.795442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 20461.795442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20461.795442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       822508                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66430                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.381575                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        24079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15220                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15220                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    635806171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    635806171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    546984447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546984447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1182790618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1182790618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1182790618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1182790618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    745377162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    745377162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    745377162                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    745377162                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.808175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.954531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.860446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.860446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 17326.307254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17326.307254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 22716.244321                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22716.244321                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 19461.795442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19461.795442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 19461.795442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19461.795442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 76198.851155                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 76198.851155                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 48973.532326                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 48973.532326                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99703                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55656                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.675740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.592777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      392.675740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.766945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338950                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           24145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7    668215285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    668215285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    564137498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    564137498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1232352783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1232352783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1232352783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1232352783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         25318                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25318                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.807891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.860235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.860235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 18301.752486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18301.752486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 23364.568151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23364.568151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 20317.079646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20317.079646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 20317.079646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20317.079646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       824059                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66592                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.374745                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        24145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15368                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15368                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    631704285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    631704285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    539994498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    539994498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1171698783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1171698783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1171698783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1171698783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    757938041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    757938041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    757938041                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    757938041                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.807891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.860235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.860235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 17301.752486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17301.752486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 22364.650984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22364.650984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 19317.112619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19317.112619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 19317.112619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19317.112619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 76167.022510                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 76167.022510                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 49319.237441                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 49319.237441                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    13600                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  785.994901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     164496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    14391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    11.430477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     730.947637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             6.698781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             6.684981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             7.056959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             6.865777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             6.833706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             7.577663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             6.826515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             6.502881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.713816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.006542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.006528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.006892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.006705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.006674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.007400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.006667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.006350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.767573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          651                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.772461                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  2102241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 2102241                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77703                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total           77703                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  290                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  290                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  294                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  264                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  279                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  289                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  268                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  325                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2299                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1816                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1719                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1709                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1788                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1754                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1794                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1762                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                14182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0             10810                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1             10840                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2             11008                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3             10829                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu4             10875                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu5             10716                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu6             10827                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu7             10910                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            86815                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  100997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12626                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12717                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12663                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12621                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12672                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 100997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1987                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               2133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               2089                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               2051                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               2132                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               2090                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               2082                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               2039                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16603                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4589                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4653                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4696                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4757                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4526                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4651                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4580                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              37025                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0             704                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1             708                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2             710                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3             726                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu4             671                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu5             758                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu6             689                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu7             675                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           5641                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 42666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                42666                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     33033499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     37073999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     35504000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     34167500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     35922999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     36683500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     35141499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     35012999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    282539995                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     156097931                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     156545440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     159419095                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     159741454                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     162402934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     154349443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     159730395                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     156156442                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1264443134                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0     50090895                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1     50336063                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2     50437231                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3     51704240                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu4     47729417                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu5     53673691                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu6     48908906                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu7     47302737                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    400183180                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        206188826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        206881503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        209856326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        211445694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        210132351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        208023134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        208639301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        203459179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      1664626314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       206188826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       206881503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       209856326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       211445694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       210132351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       208023134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       208639301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       203459179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     1664626314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77703                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77703                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2277                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2423                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2383                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2315                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2411                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2379                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2350                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2364                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18902                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6292                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6362                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6536                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6445                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            51207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0         11514                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1         11548                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2         11718                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3         11555                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu4         11546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu5         11474                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu6         11516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu7         11585                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        92456                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                18080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                18091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                18091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              143663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               18080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               18091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               18091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             143663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.872639                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.880314                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.876626                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.885961                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.884280                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.878520                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.885957                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.862521                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.878373                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.716472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.726796                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.731374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.718482                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.726814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.720701                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.721645                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.722170                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.723046                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.061143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.061309                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.060591                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.062830                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.058115                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.066062                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.059830                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.058265                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.061013                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.295385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.296020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.296626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.299707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.300039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.297623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.297311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.293133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.296987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.295385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.296020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.296626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.299707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.300039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.297623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.297311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.293133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.296987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 16624.810770                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 17381.152836                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 16995.691719                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 16658.946855                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 16849.436679                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 17551.913876                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 16878.721902                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 17171.652281                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17017.406192                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 34015.674657                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 34232.547562                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 34261.572104                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 34016.493612                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 34139.780114                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 34102.837605                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 34343.236938                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 34095.293013                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34151.063714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 71151.839489                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 71096.134181                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 71038.353521                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 71217.961433                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 71131.769001                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 70809.618734                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 70985.349782                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 70078.128889                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70941.886190                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 38955.002078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 39174.683393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 39130.398285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 38997.730358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 38712.665991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 39368.496215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 39071.030150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 38717.255756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39015.288848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 38955.002078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 39174.683393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 39130.398285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 38997.730358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 38712.665991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 39368.496215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 39071.030150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 38717.255756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39015.288848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             20827                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     3189                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      6.530887                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6244                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6244                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu1               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu2               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu5               2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu4            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu5           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu6           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu7           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                  20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                   8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                  12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                  18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                  21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                 20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                  8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                 12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                 18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                 21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1208                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         1208                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1987                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          2132                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          2088                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          2051                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          2132                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          2088                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          2082                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          2039                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16599                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4587                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4571                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4753                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4524                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4643                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         36990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          694                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          699                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          695                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          722                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          667                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          748                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          679                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          660                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            42554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           42554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2        10005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        78849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        43679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15285                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15388                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15487                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15310                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15297                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15174                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15220                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15367                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       122528                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     41114731                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     44135575                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     43262560                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     42495420                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     44129731                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     43370592                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     43201403                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     42227606                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    343937618                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    110096109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    110716645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    112771891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    112546795                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    114695609                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    108961847                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    112947605                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    110110769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892847270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     42686190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     42892571                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     42733862                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     44195932                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     40778543                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     45766520                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     41640903                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     39953551                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    340648072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    152782299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    153609216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    155505753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    156742727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    155474152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    154728367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    154588508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    150064320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233495342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    152782299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    153609216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    155505753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    156742727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    155474152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    154728367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    154588508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    150064320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233495342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    531934603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    529144419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    536612256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    524755063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    526637223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    524048250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    524701912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    534783521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4232617247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    531934603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    529144419                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    536612256                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    524755063                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    526637223                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    524048250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    524701912                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    534783521                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4232617247                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.872639                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.879901                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.876206                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.885961                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.884280                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.877680                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.885957                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.862521                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878161                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.716159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.726478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.730588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.717564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.726203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.720382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.720403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.721224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.060274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.060530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.059310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.062484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.057769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.065191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.058961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.056970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.294715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.295404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.295520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.299154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.299596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.296947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.296309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.291962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.296207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.294715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.295404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.295520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.299154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.299596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.296947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.296309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.291962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 20691.862607                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 20701.489212                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 20719.616858                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 20719.366163                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 20698.748124                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 20771.356322                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 20749.953410                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 20709.958803                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20720.381830                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 24001.767822                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 24221.536863                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 24262.455034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 23997.184435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 24131.203240                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 24085.288904                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 24326.427956                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 24073.189550                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24137.530954                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 61507.478386                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 61362.762518                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 61487.571223                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 61213.202216                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 61137.245877                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 61185.187166                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 61326.808542                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 60535.683333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61223.593098                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 28930.562204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 29147.858824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 29104.576642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 28962.070769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 28685.267897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 29349.083270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 29047.070274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 28671.058464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28986.589792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 28930.562204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 29147.858824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 29104.576642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 28962.070769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 28685.267897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 29349.083270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 29047.070274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 28671.058464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28986.589792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 53681.966192                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 53649.439217                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 53634.408396                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 53694.368464                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 53733.009183                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 53665.975422                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 53639.533020                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 53741.686363                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 53680.037122                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 34801.086228                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 34386.822134                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 34649.206173                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 34275.314370                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 34427.484016                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 34535.933175                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 34474.501445                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 34800.775753                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 34544.081736                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        125015                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       119335                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               78845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43678                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6244                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            61417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             49074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       377217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 377217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1076434                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1076434                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            56879                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            245548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  245548    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              245548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           288762573                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              57.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          244649000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             48.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       663848                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       283900                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       334405                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          12239                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5805                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         6434                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              78849                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            372013                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43679                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43671                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        83947                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          105636                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29816                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29815                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           162678                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          162674                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       293185                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       134024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               1069251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1781172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1779932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1786043                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1802764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1783744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1780612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1792304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1782917                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14289488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          336712                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           624467                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.150434                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.985907                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 172892     27.69%     27.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 258676     41.42%     69.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 133601     21.39%     90.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  46619      7.47%     97.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  10890      1.74%     99.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                   1624      0.26%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                    162      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             624467                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          494463871                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             98.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         102665881                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         102599371                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         102945420                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         102767709                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         102912196                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         102768177                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         102966672                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         102752542                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
