
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000125                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   124523000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  124523000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 139641                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   139640                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               15068671                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 262532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1153943                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1153943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            24000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst             5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst              896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data              960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                45632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           31488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           192735479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            87373417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            47284437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            11307148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst             7195458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             7709419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             5653574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             7195458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               366454390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      192735479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       47284437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst        7195458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        5653574                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          252868948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          192735479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           87373417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           47284437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           11307148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst            7195458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            7709419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            5653574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            7195458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              366454390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           713                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         713                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    45632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     45632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                  45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                  62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                  31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                       124288000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     713                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      249.637427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     165.941235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     244.016459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             63     36.84%     36.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           41     23.98%     60.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           28     16.37%     77.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511           13      7.60%     84.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            8      4.68%     89.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      4.68%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      1.75%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.58%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      3.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        6387250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  19756000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      3565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8958.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  27708.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         366.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      366.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        530                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   74.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       174316.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      74.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     816480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                     445500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                   2917200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy                7628400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               46677870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy               29286750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 87772200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              749.845263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       50196500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF         3900000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        64717500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     430920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     235125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   2215200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy                7628400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               50794695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy               25675500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 86979840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              743.076065                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       46915750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF         3900000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        70805750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                  98739                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted            94242                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1562                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups               96047                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   1131                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               128                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups          96047                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits             88694                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses            7353                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1035                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          249047                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             23160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        582455                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      98739                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             89825                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                       194593                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   3423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        66                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2218                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            8                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                     7952                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  853                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            221760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.626511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.263155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   34377     15.50%     15.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   91683     41.34%     56.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                     679      0.31%     57.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                    1006      0.45%     57.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                     517      0.23%     57.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   87238     39.34%     97.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                     730      0.33%     97.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                     482      0.22%     97.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                    5048      2.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              221760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.396467                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.338735                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   17619                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                19820                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   181778                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  832                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  1711                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                564879                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  1711                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   18296                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                   2376                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16107                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   181922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                 1348                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                559910                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                    11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   869                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands             383145                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups              1115796                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups          842870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps               364171                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   18974                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1067                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1095                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                     5253                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              178633                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              90222                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            87104                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           86835                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                    467056                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1095                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                   463006                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          16506                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        13395                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           536                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       221760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.087870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.110825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              37234     16.79%     16.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               4446      2.00%     18.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              88426     39.87%     58.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              88102     39.73%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               1676      0.76%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                983      0.44%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                568      0.26%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                225      0.10%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                100      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         221760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    134     40.48%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     40.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    76     22.96%     63.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  121     36.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               195503     42.22%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              178044     38.45%     80.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              89459     19.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                463006                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.859111                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        331                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000715                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           1148221                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           484707                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       460421                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                463337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           86583                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2958                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1878                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1711                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                   2375                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   27                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             555874                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               178633                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               90222                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               980                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    27                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           232                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1679                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1911                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts               461536                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               177679                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1470                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                        87723                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      266935                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                   91696                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     89256                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.853208                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                        460886                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                       460421                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                   273043                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                   276596                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.848731                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.987155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          17182                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1562                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       218398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.466176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.142349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        37197     17.03%     17.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        90473     41.43%     58.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2051      0.94%     59.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          612      0.28%     59.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          499      0.23%     59.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        86381     39.55%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          448      0.21%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          288      0.13%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          449      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       218398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              538608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                538608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        264019                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       175675                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                     90231                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                   362502                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        86963     16.15%     16.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          187542     34.82%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         175759     32.63%     83.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         88344     16.40%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total           538608                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                  449                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                      772578                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                    1114998                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          27287                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     451561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                       451561                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.551525                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.551525                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.813156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.813156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                  825039                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                 371919                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      192                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 269052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                   564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          142.724931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             178078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1035.337209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   142.724931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.278760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.278760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.332031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           717658                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          717658                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        90413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          90413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        87748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         87748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           23                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             23                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       178161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          178161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       178161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         178161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           19                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         1132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36152490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36152490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       521000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       521000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54320490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     54320490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54320490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     54320490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        90991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        88302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        88302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       179293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       179293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006274                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006274                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.452381                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.452381                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31432.525952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31432.525952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65257.202166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65257.202166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27421.052632                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27421.052632                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47986.298587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47986.298587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47986.298587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47986.298587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          832                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.818182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          772                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          772                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           19                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8425000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8425000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       502000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       502000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15655000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15655000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15655000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15655000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001891                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001891                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.452381                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452381                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37461.139896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37461.139896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50449.101796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50449.101796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26421.052632                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26421.052632                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43486.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43486.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43486.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43486.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          248.905102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               7041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.130935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   248.905102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.486143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.486143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.587891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses             8647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses            8647                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst         7041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           7041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst         7041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            7041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst         7041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           7041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         7952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         7952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         7952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         7952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         7952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.114562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.114562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.114562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.114562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.114562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.114562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47959.385291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47959.385291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47959.385291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47959.385291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47959.385291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47959.385291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          117                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          394                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              394                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48409.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48409.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48409.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48409.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48409.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48409.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                  70381                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted            62763                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2321                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups               62113                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                   1978                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups          62113                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits             52196                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses            9917                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1232                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.numCycles                          193493                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             35625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                        388406                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                      70381                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches             54174                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                       147522                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   4799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1696                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           15                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                    23532                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  933                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples            187271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.074032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.377312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                   61181     32.67%     32.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                   61333     32.75%     65.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    6091      3.25%     68.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                    3354      1.79%     70.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                     663      0.35%     70.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   43826     23.40%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                    1093      0.58%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                    1351      0.72%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                    8379      4.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total              187271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.363739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       2.007339                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                   22629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                55115                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                   103585                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles                 3533                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  2399                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts                358317                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  2399                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                   23637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                  25102                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         14378                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                   104390                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles                17355                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts                351725                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 14900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                    17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents               3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands             247787                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups               679105                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups          526513                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups               34                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps               220167                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   27620                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts              1612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                    22764                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               99432                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              48003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            46782                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores           41727                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                    289849                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6510                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                   288395                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              111                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          24134                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        20047                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          1135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       187271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.539988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.388620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              65886     35.18%     35.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              21449     11.45%     46.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              46526     24.84%     71.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              46214     24.68%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3599      1.92%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1752      0.94%     99.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               1124      0.60%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                416      0.22%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                305      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         187271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    198     39.68%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     39.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    73     14.63%     54.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  228     45.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               138505     48.03%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              102963     35.70%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              46927     16.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                288395                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.490467                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        499                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            764671                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           320465                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284383                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                68                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                288894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           41593                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         4579                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2647                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  2399                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                   8044                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   55                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             344307                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              270                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                99432                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               48003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1487                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    36                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           446                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2454                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                2900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts               285809                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                97701                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             2586                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        47948                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                      144318                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                   58093                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                     46617                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.477103                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                        284919                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                       284383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                   161989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                   169394                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.469733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.956285                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          25278                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           5375                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2321                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       182469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.748204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.087021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        70580     38.68%     38.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        54368     29.80%     68.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5362      2.94%     71.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6062      3.32%     74.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1316      0.72%     75.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        41726     22.87%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          809      0.44%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1001      0.55%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1245      0.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       182469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts              318993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                318993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                        140209                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                        94853                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                       4659                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                     55980                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                   218308                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        46768     14.66%     14.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          127357     39.92%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          99512     31.20%     85.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         45356     14.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total           318993                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                 1245                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                      524909                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                     693389                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            247                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           6222                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                       47433                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     267566                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                       267566                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.723160                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.723160                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.382820                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.382820                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                  496242                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                 230976                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 146210                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           26.604916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              52484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               31                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1693.032258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    26.604916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.051963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.051963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.060547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           405985                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          405985                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        55568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          55568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        45140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         45140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data       100708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          100708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data       100708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         100708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3726500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3726500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       796000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       796000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12990500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12990500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12990500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12990500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        56075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        45286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        45286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       101361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       101361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       101361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       101361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.009041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.828571                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.828571                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.006442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.006442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18272.189349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18272.189349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25523.972603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25523.972603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13724.137931                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13724.137931                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19893.568147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19893.568147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19893.568147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19893.568147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1657500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1657500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       738000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       738000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3755500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3755500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3755500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3755500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12638.554217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12638.554217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15636.792453                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15636.792453                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13178.571429                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13178.571429                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13806.985294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13806.985294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13806.985294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13806.985294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              579                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           98.515696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              22662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            31.784011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    98.515696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.192413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.192413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.261719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            24245                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           24245                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst        22662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst        22662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           22662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst        22662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          22662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        23532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst        23532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        23532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        23532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        23532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.036971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22451.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22451.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22451.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22451.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22451.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22451.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    35.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     15250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     15250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     15250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.030299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.030299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.030299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21388.499299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21388.499299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21388.499299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21388.499299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21388.499299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21388.499299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                  63667                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted            55684                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2455                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups               55606                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                   2018                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups          55606                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits             44645                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses           10961                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1342                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.numCycles                          193104                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             40968                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                        342539                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                      63667                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches             46663                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                       146022                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   5067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1848                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                    29416                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  951                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples            191398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.789669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.326327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                   76889     40.17%     40.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                   56601     29.57%     69.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    8825      4.61%     74.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                    3447      1.80%     76.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                     694      0.36%     76.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   33672     17.59%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                     980      0.51%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                    1389      0.73%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                    8901      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total              191398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.329703                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.773858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                   22836                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                76803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                    84446                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles                 4770                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  2533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts                310490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  2533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                   23870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                  37657                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         14813                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                    85216                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles                27299                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts                303538                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 23577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                    16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands             211726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups               571973                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups          446566                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups               26                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps               182781                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   28945                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts              1674                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                    33085                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               82000                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              37987                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            39268                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores           31634                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                    245836                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               9182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                   247097                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               85                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          25038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        19372                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          1244                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       191398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.291011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.381781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              81765     42.72%     42.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              29268     15.29%     58.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              36754     19.20%     77.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              36522     19.08%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3555      1.86%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1723      0.90%     99.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               1061      0.55%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                446      0.23%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                304      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         191398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    203     40.76%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     40.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    64     12.85%     53.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  231     46.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               121951     49.35%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               88101     35.65%     85.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              37045     14.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                247097                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.279606                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        498                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002015                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            686175                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           280041                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       243170                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                52                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                247595                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           31591                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         4554                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2621                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  2533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                  10681                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   58                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             295617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                82000                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               37987                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1539                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    34                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           446                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2642                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3088                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts               244561                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                80330                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             2536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        40599                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                      117071                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                   50931                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                     36741                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.266473                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                        243660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                       243170                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                   134852                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                   142392                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.259270                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.947048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          26266                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           7938                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2455                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       186363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.445163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.976076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        89147     47.84%     47.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        47087     25.27%     73.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5442      2.92%     76.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         8636      4.63%     80.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1280      0.69%     81.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        31787     17.06%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          722      0.39%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1037      0.56%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1225      0.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       186363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts              269325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                269325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                        112812                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                        77446                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                       7225                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                     48554                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                   183489                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        39345     14.61%     14.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          109943     40.82%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          84671     31.44%     86.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         35366     13.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total           269325                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                 1225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                      480143                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                     596277                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            226                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           1706                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                       47823                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     222755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                       222755                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.866890                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.866890                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.153549                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.153549                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                  415553                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                 194388                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                 119022                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           25.641689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              42500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1416.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    25.641689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.050081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.050081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.058594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           336580                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          336580                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        48215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        35154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         35154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        83369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           83369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        83369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          83369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           54                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           54                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8163500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8163500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3144500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3144500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       806000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       806000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data     11308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data     11308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        48715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        35299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           67                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        84014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        84014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        84014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        84014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.010264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.805970                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.805970                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        16327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21686.206897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21686.206897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14925.925926                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14925.925926                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17531.782946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17531.782946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17531.782946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17531.782946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           52                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1730500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1730500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1679500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1679500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       752000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       752000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.776119                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776119                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10682.098765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10682.098765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15844.339623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15844.339623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14461.538462                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14461.538462                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12723.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12723.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12723.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12723.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           95.853337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs              28564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            38.968622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    95.853337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.187214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.187214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.263672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses            30149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses           30149                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst        28564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          28564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst        28564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total           28564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst        28564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total          28564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     12789500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12789500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     12789500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12789500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     12789500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12789500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        29416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst        29416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total        29416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst        29416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total        29416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.028964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.028964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.028964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15011.150235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15011.150235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15011.150235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15011.150235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15011.150235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15011.150235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          111                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10899500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10899500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10899500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10899500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10899500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10899500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14869.713506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14869.713506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14869.713506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14869.713506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14869.713506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14869.713506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                  61800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted            53939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups               53501                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                   1989                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups          53501                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits             43109                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses           10392                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1225                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.numCycles                          192748                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             41262                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                        329189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                      61800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches             45098                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                       145688                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   4833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1762                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                    30337                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  926                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples            191141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.722231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.297340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                   79632     41.66%     41.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                   55527     29.05%     70.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    9457      4.95%     75.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                    3401      1.78%     77.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                     679      0.36%     77.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   31347     16.40%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                    1154      0.60%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                    1382      0.72%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                    8562      4.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total              191141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.320626                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.707872                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                   22425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                81552                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                    79630                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles                 5108                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  2416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts                297344                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  2416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                   23427                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                  40476                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         14673                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                    80471                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles                29668                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts                290876                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 25659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents                    14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands             201895                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups               544124                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups          425656                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups               36                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps               173837                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   28058                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts              1657                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1795                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                    35428                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               77674                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              35638                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            37571                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           29275                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                    234657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               9848                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                   236528                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               68                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          24579                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        19470                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          1266                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       191141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.237453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.372875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              84630     44.28%     44.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              31019     16.23%     60.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              34273     17.93%     78.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              34156     17.87%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3613      1.89%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1675      0.88%     99.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               1066      0.56%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                400      0.21%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                309      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         191141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    176     38.18%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     38.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    50     10.85%     49.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  235     50.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               117496     49.68%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               84415     35.69%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              34617     14.64%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                236528                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.227136                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        461                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001949                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            664726                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           269047                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       232596                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                72                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                236989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           29180                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         4384                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2661                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  2416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                  11113                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   50                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             283276                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                77674                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               35638                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1522                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    28                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           471                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2483                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                2954                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts               233943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                76012                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             2585                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        38771                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                      110309                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                   49060                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                     34297                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.213725                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                        233093                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                       232596                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                   128296                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                   135910                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.206736                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.943978                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          25736                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           8582                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2339                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       186297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.382277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.944418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        92574     49.69%     49.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        45329     24.33%     74.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5460      2.93%     76.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9239      4.96%     81.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1287      0.69%     82.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29468     15.82%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          712      0.38%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1036      0.56%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1192      0.64%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       186297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts              257514                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                257514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                        106267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                        73290                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                       7865                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                     46801                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                   175188                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        37588     14.60%     14.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          105794     41.08%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          81155     31.51%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         32977     12.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total           257514                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                 1192                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                      467769                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                     571412                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            219                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           1607                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                       48179                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     212061                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                       212061                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.908927                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.908927                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.100198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.100198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                  395124                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                 185063                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                 112177                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           24.465247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              40069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1381.689655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    24.465247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.047784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.047784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           319388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          319388                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        46353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          46353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        32769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         32769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        79122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           79122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        79122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          79122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      6996500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6996500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2957500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2957500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       770500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       770500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      9954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      9954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        46807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        32906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        79713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        79713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        79713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        79713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.788732                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.788732                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15410.792952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15410.792952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21587.591241                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21587.591241                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13758.928571                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13758.928571                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16842.639594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16842.639594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16842.639594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16842.639594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            3                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           53                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1605500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1605500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1601500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1601500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       714500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       714500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003100                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003100                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.746479                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.746479                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9910.493827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9910.493827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15700.980392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15700.980392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13481.132075                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13481.132075                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12147.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12147.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12147.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12147.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              563                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           93.764815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              29516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            42.105563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    93.764815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.183134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.183134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.269531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            31038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           31038                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst        29516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          29516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst        29516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           29516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst        29516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          29516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     11709000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11709000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     11709000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11709000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     11709000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11709000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        30337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst        30337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        30337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        30337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        30337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14261.875761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14261.875761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14261.875761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14261.875761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14261.875761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14261.875761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          120                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          120                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10046500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10046500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10046500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10046500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10046500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10046500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14331.669044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14331.669044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14331.669044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14331.669044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14331.669044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14331.669044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  455.287968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       3075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     5.301724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.808056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      302.503225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       58.822483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       70.101034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        5.583860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        9.384250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        1.286758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        5.637625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        1.160677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.004616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.001070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.006947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008850                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    31874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   31874                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total               1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          709                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total             709                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           319                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           617                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           711                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           686                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              2333                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    2365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                686                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   2365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                85                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             94                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          377                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst           96                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst           22                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst           15                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             510                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data           76                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             90                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               96                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7826000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1039500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       940000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       937500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10743000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29108500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7180500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      1748500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1200000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     39237500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6133500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       728000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       251500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       195000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      7308000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29108500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13959500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1767500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      1748500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1191500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1132500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        57288500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29108500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13959500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1767500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      1748500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1191500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1132500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       57288500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          709                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total          709                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          696                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          713                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst          733                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst          701                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          2843                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data           81                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                3096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               3096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.965909                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.134642                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.030014                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.021398                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.179388                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.938272                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.214286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.153846                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.737705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.134642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.814815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.030014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.576923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.021398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.560000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.236111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.134642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.814815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.030014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.576923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.021398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.560000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.236111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83255.319149                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79961.538462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78333.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        78125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82007.633588                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77210.875332                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74796.875000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79477.272727                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76936.274510                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80703.947368                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80888.888889                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83833.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        97500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        81200                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77210.875332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82114.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74796.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80340.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79477.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79433.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        80000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80892.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78370.041040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77210.875332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82114.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74796.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80340.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79477.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79433.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        80000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80892.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78370.041040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          376                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           92                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           14                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           76                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       419500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       400000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       480000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       398000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1697500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6886000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       909500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       820000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       817500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9433000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25321000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6077500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      1080000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       797000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33275500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5373500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       638000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       221500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       175000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12259500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6077500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1547500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      1080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1041500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       992500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12259500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6077500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1547500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      1080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1041500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       992500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965909                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.129032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.019100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.015692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.938272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.214286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.129032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.814815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.019100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.576923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.015692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.560000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.230620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.129032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.814815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.019100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.576923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.015692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.560000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19976.190476                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19900                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19970.588235                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73255.319149                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69961.538462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68333.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        68125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72007.633588                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67343.085106                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66059.782609                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77142.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 72454.545455                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67495.943205                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70703.947368                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70888.888889                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73833.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        87500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71200                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67343.085106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72114.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66059.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70340.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77142.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69433.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 72454.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70892.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68790.616246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67343.085106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72114.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66059.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70340.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77142.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69433.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 72454.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70892.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68790.616246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1042                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          329                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        45632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   45632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              244                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    1042    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              989502                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3800250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         6343                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1724                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         3317                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3517                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2134                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             277                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            277                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              403                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             403                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2843                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          684                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         2005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         2064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  9526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        69696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        11264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        82688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        85184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        80896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total                 334720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                            1023                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples             4207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.289042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.099056                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                   1302     30.95%     30.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1193     28.36%     59.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    906     21.54%     80.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                    806     19.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total               4207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            5321969                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1043498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy            522987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           1072493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy            443462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy           1103489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy            430971                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy           1053495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy            426466                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
