
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.841599                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1841599161000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1841599161000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 245408                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   245408                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6773643024                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 331844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   271.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    66720805                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      66720805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           472448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20115392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           147008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2145088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           298752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2611904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25791552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       472448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       147008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       298752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          918208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7488832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7488832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            314303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             33517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             40811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                402993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          117013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               117013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              256542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            10922785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               79826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1164796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              162224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1418280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14004976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         256542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          79826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         162224                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             498593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4066483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4066483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4066483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             256542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           10922785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              79826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1164796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             162224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1418280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18071459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         81308                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        46917                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       81308                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      46917                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5202560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   3000896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5203712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                3002688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                4879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                4840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                5116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                5201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                5033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                4887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               4904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               4973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               5564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               4902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                2994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                2828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                3105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                3290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               3262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               3349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           6                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1840587284000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   81308                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  46917                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     63682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     2366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     2522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     2746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     3095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     3372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     3090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     2791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     2903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     2624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     2247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     2267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     2163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        21624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      379.368110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     215.960357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     378.240859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           7179     33.20%     33.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4878     22.56%     55.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1948      9.01%     64.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1045      4.83%     69.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          873      4.04%     73.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          450      2.08%     75.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          417      1.93%     77.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          373      1.72%     79.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4461     20.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          21624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          2049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        39.666179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      981.071588                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           2047     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            2049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          2049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.883846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.590123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       22.999579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                33      1.61%      1.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 8      0.39%      2.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                1      0.05%      2.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               3      0.15%      2.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            1695     82.72%     84.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              48      2.34%     87.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              10      0.49%     87.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              15      0.73%     88.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              91      4.44%     92.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               8      0.39%     93.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               1      0.05%     93.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               4      0.20%     93.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               2      0.10%     93.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               3      0.15%     93.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               2      0.10%     93.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               2      0.10%     94.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               2      0.10%     94.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               1      0.05%     94.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               2      0.10%     94.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              13      0.63%     94.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               4      0.20%     95.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99              77      3.76%     98.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             1      0.05%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             2      0.10%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             2      0.10%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             1      0.05%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             2      0.10%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             1      0.05%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             1      0.05%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             1      0.05%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             1      0.05%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             1      0.05%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             4      0.20%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             1      0.05%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             1      0.05%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::196-199             1      0.05%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             4      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            2049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      885699750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2409887250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    406450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10895.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29645.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         7.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      69553                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     37002                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     14354355.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      83.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                   80733240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   43918875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 313622400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                150135120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            89060552880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            35737868835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           798596823000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             923983654350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.983586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1308907007000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     45531980000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9262769000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                   82744200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   44962500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 320439600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                153705600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            89060552880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            35470252125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           802756182000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             927888838905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              667.649647                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1309307344000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     45531980000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      8896844750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4808616                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6111                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          122                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  428608                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3411554                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      685                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          84                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 164458                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8220170                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6796                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          206                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  593066                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2729287                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3056                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         101                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2732343                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       928788202                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6425                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211368                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74795     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1878      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105681     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182557                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73428     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1878      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73428     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148937                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1818752965500     98.76%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               39793500      0.00%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              370197000      0.02%     98.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22435471000      1.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1841598427000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694808                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815838                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4175      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175300     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6782      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5175      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192212                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1737                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2094                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1906                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1737                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  169                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.321851                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.080707                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.390854                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29766458500      1.62%      1.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2570000000      0.14%      1.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1809261966500     98.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4176                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30028359                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     30028359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             27949209                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                163605                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     796078                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3573160                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    27949209                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       163605                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           38472094                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          20603467                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               84586                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              86140                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8249833                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4829697                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3420136                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              907169648.432742                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              21618553.567258                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.023276                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.976724                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          4625246                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1572413      5.24%      5.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 19517057     64.98%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   31821      0.11%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12868      0.04%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1602      0.01%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 4960051     16.51%     86.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3423231     11.40%     98.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                516318      1.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  30035361                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1394566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13521910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1395078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.692583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   257.707457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    77.564418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   176.725941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.503335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.151493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.345168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         64423039                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        64423039                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3984765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1069804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2772856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7827425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3123452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       820342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1358314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5302108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       113859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19272                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        59831                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       192962                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       122665                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        21310                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        55350                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199325                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7108217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1890146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      4131170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13129533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7108217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1890146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      4131170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13129533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       711198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        95313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       558903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1365414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       164044                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        43456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       643142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       850642                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9353                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2169                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7565                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19087                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       875242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       138769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1202045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2216056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       875242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       138769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1202045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2216056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2254809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8236813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10491622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1752799000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19370305557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21123104557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     28695000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    118437000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    147132000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       416000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       416000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4007608000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27607118557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31614726557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4007608000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27607118557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31614726557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4695963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1165117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3331759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9192839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3287496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       863798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2001456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6152750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123212                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21441                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        67396                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       212049                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       122666                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21310                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        55376                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199352                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      7983459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2028915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      5333215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15345589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      7983459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2028915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      5333215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15345589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.151449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.167750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050308                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.321337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.138254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.075910                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101161                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.112247                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090012                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000470                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.225388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.225388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23656.888357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14737.464283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7683.839480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40335.028535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30118.240695                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24831.955813                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13229.598893                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15655.915400                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7708.492691                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        16000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15407.407407                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28879.706563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22966.792888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14266.212838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28879.706563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22966.792888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14266.212838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       997927                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2476                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            58775                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.978766                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   130.315789                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       836681                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           836681                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       289767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       289767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       548232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       548232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         2018                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2018                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       837999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       837999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       837999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       837999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        95313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       269136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       364449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        43456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        94910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       138366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2169                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5547                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7716                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       138769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       364046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       502815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       138769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       364046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       502815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3757                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6318                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2159496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4442371500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6601867500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1709343000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3045178740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4754521740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     26526000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     69860500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96386500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       390000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       390000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3868839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7487550240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11356389240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3868839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7487550240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11356389240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    248693500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    375591500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    624285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    248693500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    375591500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    624285000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.080779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050308                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.047420                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022488                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101161                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.082305                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036388                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000470                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.068260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.068260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22656.888357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16506.047129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18114.653902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39335.028535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32084.909282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34361.922293                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12229.598893                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12594.285199                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12491.770347                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        15000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27879.706563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20567.593766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22585.621431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27879.706563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20567.593766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22585.621431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 219888.152078                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 217860.498840                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 218663.747811                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 97107.965638                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 99971.120575                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 98810.541311                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           969876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.205246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           39683030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           970387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            40.894025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10200405500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   261.920563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    65.077972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   184.206711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.511564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.127105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.359779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         41646260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        41646260                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     29526010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7417850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2739170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       39683030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     29526010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7417850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2739170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        39683030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     29526010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7417850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2739170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       39683030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       509351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       126603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       356690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       992644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       509351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       126603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       356690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        992644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       509351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       126603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       356690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       992644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1812461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4955400483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6767861483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1812461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4955400483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6767861483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1812461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4955400483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6767861483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     30035361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7544453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3095860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40675674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     30035361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7544453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3095860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     40675674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     30035361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7544453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3095860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     40675674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14316.098355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13892.737343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6818.014800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14316.098355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13892.737343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6818.014800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14316.098355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13892.737343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6818.014800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4716                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              235                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.068085                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       969876                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           969876                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        22058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        22058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        22058                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22058                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       126603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       334632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       461235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       126603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       334632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       461235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       126603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       334632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       461235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1685858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4399066985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6084924985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1685858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4399066985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6084924985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1685858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4399066985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6084924985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.108090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.108090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.108090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13316.098355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13145.984201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13192.678320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13316.098355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13145.984201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13192.678320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13316.098355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13145.984201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13192.678320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1184324                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1316                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           34                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  141546                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     885341                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      169                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          22                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  57820                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     2069665                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1485                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           56                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  199366                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     852668                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      656                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          33                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 853324                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953375365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7542911                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7542911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7009980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 44709                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     205791                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       911955                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7009980                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        44709                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            9753806                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5113025                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               24116                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              24503                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2076660                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1189039                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    887621                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              923368497.825425                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              30006867.174575                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.031474                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.968526                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1183564                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               404590      5.36%      5.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4887103     64.78%     70.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8470      0.11%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   5131      0.07%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    810      0.01%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1217523     16.14%     86.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 888839     11.78%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                131986      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7544452                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               10195062                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          9245801                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           194837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             7645666                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                5489178                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            71.794635                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 367323                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             14555                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        1840410                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits            186758                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1653652                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted        86236                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3794321                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     14980                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          154                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  231448                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2188085                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     3764                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         156                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  84759                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5982406                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     18744                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          310                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  316207                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     533759                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     2736                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         191                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 536495                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        30327275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9354335                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      40099246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   10195062                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           6043259                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     18967134                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 549482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                         7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               11119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        54610                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        90342                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          596                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3095865                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               133552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          28754585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.394534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.444600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                19879004     69.13%     69.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  339943      1.18%     70.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  516791      1.80%     72.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 4053539     14.10%     86.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  887171      3.09%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  213563      0.74%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  261735      0.91%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  444517      1.55%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 2158322      7.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            28754585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.336168                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.322217                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 7569976                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             12996616                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  7107544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               570612                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                263955                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              225265                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                11264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36283979                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                35882                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                263955                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 7872857                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4931794                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       5918579                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  7355041                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              2166486                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              35279837                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                60983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                402801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 76926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               1084115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           23748051                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             43586446                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        43526101                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            56436                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             20540056                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 3207995                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            542145                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         75307                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3912291                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3917277                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2333144                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           542030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          329847                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  32377023                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             701408                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 31676973                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            27053                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3928896                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1754776                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        507029                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28754585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.101632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.635117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17376990     60.43%     60.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2804831      9.75%     70.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1408095      4.90%     75.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4807285     16.72%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1079199      3.75%     95.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             630267      2.19%     97.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             421060      1.46%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             175258      0.61%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              51600      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       28754585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  83759     19.66%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                210235     49.34%     69.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               132097     31.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2450      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             25141274     79.37%     79.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               20994      0.07%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20528      0.06%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1224      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3966361     12.52%     92.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2221145      7.01%     99.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            302997      0.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              31676973                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.044504                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     426091                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013451                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          92299555                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         36885759                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     30885842                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             262120                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            128344                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       120451                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              31960571                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 140043                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          222851                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       843917                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1448                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6897                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       272853                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4760                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       213103                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                263955                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                4308277                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               202891                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           34565468                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            70386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3917277                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2333144                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            625709                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13182                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               148814                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          6897                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         76158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       205534                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              281692                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             31394525                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3819678                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           282448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1487037                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     6017890                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6848661                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2198212                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.035191                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      31083503                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     31006293                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 17785830                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 21615859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.022390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.822814                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4127890                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         194379                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           252373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28042775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.083004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.865926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18161783     64.76%     64.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2276613      8.12%     72.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1151869      4.11%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4491226     16.02%     93.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       562178      2.00%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204579      0.73%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       167176      0.60%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       177068      0.63%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       850283      3.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28042775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            30370432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              30370432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       5133651                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      3073360                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      68499                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6541282                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    116010                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 28852886                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              241096                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1223345      4.03%      4.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        23598567     77.70%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          20428      0.07%     81.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     81.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20084      0.07%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1224      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3141859     10.35%     92.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2061928      6.79%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       302997      1.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         30370432                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               850283                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    61616016                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   69709723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         166720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1572690                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1745481695                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   29149535                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     29149535                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.040403                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.040403                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.961166                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.961166                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                41087551                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               22005301                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    71153                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   74234                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                4377642                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                272877                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        45568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2707176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2373500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               135500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               56000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5872500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             2528000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            89904673                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             9173000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            17468000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.254561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1693898501000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.254561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9598462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9598462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2019796211                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2019796211                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2029394673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2029394673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2029394673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2029394673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 55482.439306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55482.439306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 48608.880704                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48608.880704                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 48637.379820                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48637.379820                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 48637.379820                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48637.379820                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        17280                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        17280                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        17350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        17350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6098462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6098462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1154802593                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154802593                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1160901055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160901055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1160901055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160901055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.415864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.415818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.415818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 87120.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87120.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66828.853762                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66828.853762                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66910.723631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66910.723631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66910.723631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66910.723631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337756                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65421.322565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    4020988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   402918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.979668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54641.026539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2330.416055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2713.129703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      574.927105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      600.162086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2250.445944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2311.215132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.833756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.035559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.041399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.008773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.009158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.034339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.035266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.998250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          987                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5975                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 38533534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                38533534                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       836681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total          836681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       969577                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          969577                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            90271                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            25531                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            71080                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               186882                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        501948                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        124306                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        329876                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            956130                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       479737                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        81841                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       257555                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           819133                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              501948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              570008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              124306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              107372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              329876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              328635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1962145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             501948                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             570008                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             124306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             107372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             329876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             328635                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1962145                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          73761                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          17924                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          23905                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115590                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7382                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2297                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4668                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           14347                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       240814                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data        15641                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        17035                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         273490                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            314575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             33565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             40940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           314575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            33565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4668                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            40940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       329500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       329500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        59000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        59000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1375697500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2138065000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3513762500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    189024500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    390327000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    579351500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1178798000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1287807000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2466605000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    189024500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2554495500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    390327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3425872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6559719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    189024500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2554495500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    390327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3425872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6559719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       836681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       836681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       969577                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       969577                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       164032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        43455                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        94985                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302472                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       509330                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       126603                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       334544                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        970477                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       720551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        97482                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       274590                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1092623                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          509330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          884583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          126603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          140937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          334544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          369575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2365572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         509330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         884583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         126603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         140937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         334544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         369575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2365572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.548387                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.148148                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.449674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.412473                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.251671                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382151                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014494                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018143                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013953                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014783                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334208                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.160450                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.062038                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250306                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.355620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.018143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.238156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.013953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.110776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.170541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.355620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.238156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.013953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.110776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.170541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41187.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19382.352941                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14750                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76751.701629                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89440.075298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30398.499005                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82291.902481                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83617.609254                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40381.368927                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75365.897321                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75597.710596                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9018.995210                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82291.902481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76105.928795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83617.609254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83680.312653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16259.990035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82291.902481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76105.928795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83617.609254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83680.312653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16259.990035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75501                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75501                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        17924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        23905                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         41829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2297                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4668                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6965                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        15641                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        17035                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        32676                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        33565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        40940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            81470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        33565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        40940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           81470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3757                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6318                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       307500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       307500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        58500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        58500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1196457500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1899015000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3095472500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    166054500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    343647000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    509701500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1022388000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1119548000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2141936000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    166054500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2218845500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    343647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3018563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5747110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    166054500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2218845500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    343647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3018563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5747110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    234549500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    354037500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    588587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    234549500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    354037500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    588587000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258065                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115385                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.412473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.251671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.138290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.160450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.062038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.238156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.110776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.034440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.238156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.110776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38437.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38437.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66751.701629                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79440.075298                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74003.024218                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72291.902481                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73617.609254                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73180.402010                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65365.897321                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 65720.457881                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65550.740605                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72291.902481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66105.928795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73617.609254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73731.387396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70542.653738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72291.902481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66105.928795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73617.609254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73731.387396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70542.653738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 207382.404951                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 205358.178654                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206160.070053                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 91585.122999                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 94234.096353                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 93160.335549                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        823896                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       379632                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          408                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             295138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       117013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            115428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           115428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        288010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        24272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1143724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1177664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       107800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       107800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1285464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30633664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     30679232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2664320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2664320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33343552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              157                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            742227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.035978                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  741265     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     962      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              742227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            10965500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           390337877                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          436169750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             370538                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4730181                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2364664                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1672                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1038                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1038                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2070392                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       866358                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       969876                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          609667                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              31                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            27                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             58                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           302472                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          302472                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        970586                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1092680                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq           41                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2910960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      4218835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7129795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    124183936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    142881728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              267065664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          338688                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4114055                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031568                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                4109951     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4104      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            4114055                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1826321500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           100962                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         692196311                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         770446828                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
