
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000021                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    21273500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   21273500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54566                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    98846                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              215714601                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 266040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5380                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          9747                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             17728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        17728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           17728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            833337251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            418172844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1251510095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       833337251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          833337251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           833337251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           418172844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1251510095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           416                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    26624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     26624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                  31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                   1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                   5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                   8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                  44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                  23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                  71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        21151500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples           97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      250.721649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     162.086023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     265.276929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             37     38.14%     38.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           25     25.77%     63.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           18     18.56%     82.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511            3      3.09%     85.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            2      2.06%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            2      2.06%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      4.12%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      1.03%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      5.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total             97                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        4187000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  11987000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      2080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10064.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28814.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1251.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                     1251.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           9.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       9.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.63                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        309                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   74.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        50844.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      74.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     181440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                      99000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                    920400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy                1017120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               10792665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy                  32250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 13042875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              823.803884                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE          11500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF          520000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        15314750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     415800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     226875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   1521000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy                1017120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               10696905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy                 116250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 13993950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              883.874941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         262750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF          520000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        15224250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    3510                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              3510                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               564                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 2934                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     413                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 93                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            2934                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                493                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2441                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          404                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            42548                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              11447                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          15916                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        3510                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches                906                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                          9652                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    1329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   93                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           15                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      2036                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   273                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              23302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.230495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.752458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    19034     81.68%     81.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                      165      0.71%     82.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      157      0.67%     83.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      234      1.00%     84.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      217      0.93%     85.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      212      0.91%     85.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      264      1.13%     87.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      172      0.74%     87.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                     2847     12.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                23302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.082495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.374072                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    11533                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                  7244                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      3404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   457                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                    664                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  26617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                    664                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    11798                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    1942                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           1135                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      3557                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                  4206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  25098                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                     80                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   4073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               28145                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 61205                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            35038                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                 4                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 11063                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    17082                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 25                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             25                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      1412                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 2736                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                1550                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                10                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                7                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      21864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  23                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     18142                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               143                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           12140                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        16726                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         23302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.778560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.752623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               18136     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                1211      5.20%     83.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 861      3.69%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 568      2.44%     89.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 833      3.57%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 596      2.56%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 620      2.66%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 343      1.47%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 134      0.58%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           23302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     211     76.17%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     50     18.05%     94.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    16      5.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 2      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 14465     79.73%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    6      0.03%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     7      0.04%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 2325     12.82%     92.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                1337      7.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  18142                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.426389                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         277                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.015268                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              59998                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             34032                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16436                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   8                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  8                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            4                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  18413                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       4                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              190                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1683                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          615                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                    664                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    1478                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   139                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               21887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  2736                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 1550                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 23                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   138                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            119                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          682                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  801                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 17060                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  2081                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         3326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     1722                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       1245                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.400959                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          16760                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         16440                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     11045                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     17238                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.386387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.640736                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           12139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              12                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               652                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        21245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.458790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        17995     84.70%     84.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1          991      4.66%     89.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          576      2.71%     92.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          726      3.42%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          383      1.80%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          128      0.60%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          121      0.57%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           72      0.34%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          253      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        21245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                 5380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                   9747                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           1988                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          1053                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       1208                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                      9653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  106                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu             7748     79.49%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               3      0.03%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                7      0.07%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            1053     10.80%     90.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            935      9.59%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total              9747                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   253                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        42878                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       45859                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             160                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           19246                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                          9747                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               7.908550                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         7.908550                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.126445                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.126445                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    21687                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   13280                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                         4                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                      8296                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                     5092                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                    7660                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            81.534494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                2583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.582734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    81.534494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.019906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.033936                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              5685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             5685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          2583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             2583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         2583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            2583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9038500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9038500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6225500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6225500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     15264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     15264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.080214                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080214                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78595.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78595.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83006.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83006.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80336.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80336.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80336.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80336.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5459500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5459500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6150500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6150500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.080214                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080214                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85304.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85304.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82006.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82006.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83525.179856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83525.179856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83525.179856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83525.179856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           130.801873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                1651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              5.938849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   130.801873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.063868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.063868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.135742                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses              4350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses             4350                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         1651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            1651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          1651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             1651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         1651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            1651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28516500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28516500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28516500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     28516500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28516500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     28516500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         2036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         2036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         2036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         2036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.189096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.189096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.189096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74068.831169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74068.831169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74068.831169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74068.831169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74068.831169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74068.831169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          142                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    47.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21868500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21868500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21868500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21868500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21868500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21868500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.136542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.136542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.136542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78663.669065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78663.669065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78663.669065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78663.669065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78663.669065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78663.669065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          163.058861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.002933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   130.841735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    32.217126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.010406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             3752                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            3752                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          416                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6037500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6037500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21439500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     21439500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5362500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      5362500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21439500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     11400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32839500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21439500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     11400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32839500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          278                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996403                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.996403                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        80500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        80500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77398.916968                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77398.916968                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83789.062500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83789.062500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77398.916968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82014.388489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78941.105769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77398.916968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82014.388489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78941.105769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5287500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5287500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18669500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18669500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4722500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4722500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18669500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28679500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18669500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28679500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        70500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        70500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67398.916968                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67398.916968                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73789.062500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73789.062500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67398.916968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72014.388489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68941.105769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67398.916968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72014.388489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68941.105769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          417                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           342                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          278                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        17792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         8896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              26688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.002398                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.048970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                416     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  1      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         208500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        417000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        208500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                75                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               75                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port          832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total          832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        26624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total        26624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   26624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     416    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              502000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2222250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
