
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000500                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   500337000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  500337000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                               90464630                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 231728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 75919                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 81043                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 80577                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 79993                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 82197                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 76405                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 83460                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 78091                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               637685                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       400320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5398                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5467                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5426                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5579                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5451                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5589                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5357                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            444107                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  10777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  10924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  11088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  11007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  11010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5398                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5357                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                50042                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                151735730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                161976828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                161045455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                159878242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                164283273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                152707075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                166807572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                156076804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1274510980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         800100732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                10788728                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                10926635                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                10844691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                11150485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                11032564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                10894657                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                11170471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                10706784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              887615747                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         800100732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               162524459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               172903463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               171890146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               171028727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               175315837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               163601732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               177978043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               166783588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2162126727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99905                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55400                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.153981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.606990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      391.153981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.763973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.763973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.779297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              340651                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             340651                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0               10155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total              10155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0              10155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total             10155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           24041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0    677337671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    677337671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    564207136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    564207136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1241544807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1241544807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1241544807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1241544807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          45614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         25302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.805016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.950162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.950162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.856802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.856802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.856802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.856802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 18446.015005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18446.015005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 23468.538580                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23468.538580                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 20433.251708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20433.251708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 20433.251708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20433.251708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       800862                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               65942                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.144946                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks          10055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total               10055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        24041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15143                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15143                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    640619671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    640619671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    540167136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540167136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1180786807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1180786807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1180786807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1180786807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    730760811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    730760811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    730760811                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    730760811                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.805016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.950162                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950162                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.856802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.856802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 17446.069472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17446.069472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 22468.580176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22468.580176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 19433.301081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19433.301081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 19433.301081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19433.301081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 75003.675562                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75003.675562                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 48257.334148                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 48257.334148                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99552                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55243                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22440                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.475962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.596954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      392.475962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.766555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.802734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339640                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339640                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1               10042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total              10042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1              10042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total             10042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           24033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1    675076804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    675076804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    561344066                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    561344066                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1236420870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1236420870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1236420870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1236420870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         25169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.804268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.804268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.857903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.857903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 18447.241536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18447.241536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 23357.219906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23357.219906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 20393.561886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20393.561886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 20393.561886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20393.561886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       800224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               65844                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.153332                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        24033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15279                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15279                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    638481804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    638481804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    537312066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    537312066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1175793870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1175793870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1175793870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1175793870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    734637731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    734637731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    734637731                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    734637731                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.804268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954865                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954865                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.857903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.857903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 17447.241536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17447.241536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 22357.261515                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22357.261515                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 19393.578380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19393.578380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 19393.578380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19393.578380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 74878.985934                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 74878.985934                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 48081.532234                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 48081.532234                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.num_reads                          100001                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55556                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             390.469202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.604475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      390.469202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.762635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.762635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339163                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339163                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           24129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2    666978729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    666978729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    561823462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    561823462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1228802191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1228802191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1228802191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1228802191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         25306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.806876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.953489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.859453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.859453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 18263.382503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18263.382503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 23284.158564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23284.158564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 20260.881317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20260.881317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 20260.881317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20260.881317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       804972                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66283                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.144471                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        24129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15412                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15412                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    630459729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    630459729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    537696462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    537696462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1168156191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1168156191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1168156191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1168156191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    746431095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    746431095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    746431095                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    746431095                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.806876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.953489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 17263.409885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17263.409885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 22284.241452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22284.241452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 19260.930782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19260.930782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 19260.930782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19260.930782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 74755.242364                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 74755.242364                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 48431.812549                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 48431.812549                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99831                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55461                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22291                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.006782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.588598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      391.006782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.763685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.763685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338050                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3    675943664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    675943664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    557387689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    557387689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1233331353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1233331353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1233331353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1233331353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         25075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.811380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.811380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.861935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.861935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 18423.605549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18423.605549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 23322.636470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23322.636470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 20356.033422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20356.033422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 20356.033422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20356.033422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       801051                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               65873                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.160536                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15431                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15431                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    639257664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    639257664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    533488689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533488689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1172746353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172746353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1172746353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172746353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    738856089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    738856089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    738856089                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    738856089                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.811380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953101                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953101                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.861935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.861935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 17423.687318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17423.687318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 22322.636470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22322.636470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 19356.082937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19356.082937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 19356.082937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19356.082937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 75018.386537                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75018.386537                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 47881.283715                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 47881.283715                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99911                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55300                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.705900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.594344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      391.705900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.765051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.798828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339861                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339861                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4               10054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total              10054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4              10054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total             10054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           24191                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24191                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4    672672441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    672672441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    560233927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    560233927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1232906368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1232906368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1232906368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1232906368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         25359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.803980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.803980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.953941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.857775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.857775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 18456.687730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18456.687730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 23158.775040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23158.775040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 20332.575292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20332.575292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 20332.575292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20332.575292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       801696                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               65950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.156118                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        24191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15399                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15399                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    636227441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    636227441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    536043927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    536043927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1172271368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172271368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1172271368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172271368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    739458183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    739458183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    739458183                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    739458183                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.803980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.953941                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953941                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.857775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.857775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 17456.715168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17456.715168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 22158.816378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22158.816378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 19332.608275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19332.608275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 19332.608275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19332.608275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 74866.678445                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 74866.678445                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 48019.883304                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 48019.883304                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99665                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55439                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.859990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.592785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      391.859990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.765352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338594                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           24003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5    671451246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    671451246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    559158053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    559158053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1230609299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1230609299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1230609299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1230609299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.808748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.860200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.860200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 18358.704161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18358.704161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 23295.340291                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23295.340291                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 20314.794377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20314.794377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 20314.794377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20314.794377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       802483                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66128                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.135298                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        24003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15361                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15361                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    634877246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    634877246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    535156053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    535156053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1170033299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1170033299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1170033299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1170033299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    742019082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    742019082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    742019082                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    742019082                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.808748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 17358.704161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17358.704161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 22295.381952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22295.381952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 19314.810885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19314.810885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 19314.810885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19314.810885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 74875.790313                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 74875.790313                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 48305.389102                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 48305.389102                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99712                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55282                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.046110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.596501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      392.046110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.765715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338073                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6    674135322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    674135322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    560982121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    560982121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1235117443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1235117443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1235117443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1235117443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         25019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.806692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.957352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.957352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.860292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.860292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 18445.204170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18445.204170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 23421.097236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23421.097236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 20415.164347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20415.164347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 20415.164347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20415.164347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       802988                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               65839                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.196236                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15453                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15453                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    637587322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    637587322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    537030121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    537030121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1174617443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1174617443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1174617443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1174617443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    737828201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    737828201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    737828201                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    737828201                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.806692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.957352                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957352                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.860292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.860292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 17445.204170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17445.204170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 22421.097236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22421.097236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 19415.164347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19415.164347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 19415.164347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19415.164347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 74822.857824                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 74822.857824                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 47746.599431                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 47746.599431                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99031                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          54931                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22638                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.993848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               23038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.588419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      391.993848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.765613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339734                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339734                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           24149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7    675691654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    675691654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    565139421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    565139421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1240831075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1240831075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1240831075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1240831075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         25297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.805651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.954619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.858976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.858976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 18484.752804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18484.752804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 23402.187296                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23402.187296                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 20441.017330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20441.017330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 20441.017330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20441.017330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       799894                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               65859                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.145553                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        24149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15099                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15099                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    639138654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    639138654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    540990421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540990421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1180129075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1180129075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1180129075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1180129075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    730529776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    730529776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    730529776                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    730529776                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.805651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.954619                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954619                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.858976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.858976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 17484.780161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17484.780161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 22402.187296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22402.187296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 19441.033804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19441.033804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 19441.033804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19441.033804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 75003.057084                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 75003.057084                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 48382.659514                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 48382.659514                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    13688                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  782.559938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     164623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    14478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    11.370562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     726.348525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             6.677170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             6.765222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             6.924842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             7.010620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             7.585654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             6.814501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             7.441816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             6.991588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.709325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.006521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.006607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.006763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.006846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.007408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.006655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.007267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.006828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.764219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          664                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  2107372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 2107372                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77671                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total           77671                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  272                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  284                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  276                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  280                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  255                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  239                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  262                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2151                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1780                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1805                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1782                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1816                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1727                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1803                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1809                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                14398                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0             10873                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1             10958                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2             10812                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3             11007                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu4             10755                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu5             10989                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu6             11012                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu7             10808                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            87214                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  101612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12749                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12789                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12571                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 101612                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               2119                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               2003                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               2061                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               2101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               1934                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               2026                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               2139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               2027                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16410                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4596                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4672                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4641                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4561                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4696                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4677                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4637                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4651                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              37131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0             698                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1             712                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2             734                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3             737                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu4             740                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu5             681                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu6             738                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu7             697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           5737                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 42868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5375                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5436                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5358                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5375                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                42868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     34306000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     32515999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     33970000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     33665000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     30524499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     33417998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     35180998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     31945000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    265525494                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     148628443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     153234943                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     151708946                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     148204781                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     153854439                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     151693945                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     152734439                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     151392920                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1211452856                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0     49327224                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1     49579908                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2     50488876                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3     50929398                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu4     51564743                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu5     47695729                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu6     51087902                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu7     48881401                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    399555181                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        197955667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        202814851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        202197822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        199134179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        205419182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        199389674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        203822341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        200274321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      1611008037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       197955667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       202814851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       202197822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       199134179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       205419182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       199389674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       203822341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       200274321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     1611008037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77671                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77671                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2391                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2287                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2337                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2381                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2189                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2309                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2378                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2289                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18561                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6472                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6452                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6446                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6343                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6440                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6460                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            51529                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0         11571                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1         11670                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2         11546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3         11744                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu4         11495                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu5         11670                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu6         11750                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu7         11505                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        92951                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                18043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                18122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                17992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                18087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                18007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                18074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                18190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              144480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               18043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               18122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               17992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               18087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               18007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               18074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               18190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             144480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.886240                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.875820                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.881900                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.882402                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.883508                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.877436                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.899495                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.885540                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.884112                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.710136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.724117                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.719981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.719060                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.721130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.730325                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.720031                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.719969                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.720585                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.060323                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.061011                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.063572                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.062755                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.064376                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.058355                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.062809                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.060582                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.061721                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.293410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.297097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.298744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.292918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.301883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.296448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.295492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.297690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.296705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.293410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.297097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.298744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.292918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.301883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.296448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.295492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.297690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.296705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 16189.712128                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 16233.649026                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 16482.290150                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 16023.322228                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 15783.091520                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 16494.569595                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 16447.404395                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 15759.743463                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16180.712614                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 32338.651654                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 32798.575128                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 32688.848524                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 32493.922605                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 32762.870315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 32434.027154                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 32938.201208                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 32550.617072                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32626.453799                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 70669.375358                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 69634.702247                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 68785.934605                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 69103.660787                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 69682.085135                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 70037.781204                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 69224.799458                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 70131.134864                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69645.316542                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 37392.456932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 37669.920319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 37618.199442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 37586.670253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 37788.664827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 37213.451661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 37920.435535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 37448.451945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37580.667094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 37392.456932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 37669.920319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 37618.199442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 37586.670253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 37788.664827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 37213.451661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 37920.435535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 37448.451945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37580.667094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             19223                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     2973                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      6.465859                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6255                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6255                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu2               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu6               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu4            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu5            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu6            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu7           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                  23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                  16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                  13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                  15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                 23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                 16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                 13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                 15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1242                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         1242                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          2119                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          2003                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          2060                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          2101                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          1934                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          2026                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          2138                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          2027                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16408                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4594                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4668                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4632                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4689                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4672                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4632                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         37091                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          687                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          702                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          720                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          724                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          732                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          672                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          730                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          687                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5654                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            42745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           42745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        78775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        43790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15142                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15278                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15412                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15428                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15397                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15361                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15451                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15096                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       122565                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     40841935                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     38564215                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     39647592                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     40417370                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     37145795                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     38899918                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     41229107                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     39009527                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    315755459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    102604763                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    106353151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    105053935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    102451130                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    106647279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    104810242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    106228599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    104763871                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    838912970                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     41984323                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     42028851                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     42690563                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     43142020                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     43825891                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     40479162                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     43405339                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     41523836                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339079985                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    144589086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    148382002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    147744498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    145593150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    150473170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    145289404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    149633938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    146287707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177992955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    144589086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    148382002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    147744498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    145593150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    150473170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    145289404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    149633938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    146287707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177992955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    506398152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    509332752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    518417832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    511679337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    512962712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    514656758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    512189388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    505729590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4091366521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    506398152                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    509332752                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    518417832                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    511679337                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    512962712                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    514656758                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    512189388                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    505729590                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4091366521                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.886240                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.875820                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.881472                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.882402                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.883508                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.877436                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.899075                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.885540                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884004                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.709827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.723497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.718585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.718587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.720055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.729544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.719255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.719195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.719808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.059373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.060154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.062359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.061649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.063680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.057584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.062128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.059713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.292690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.296325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.297466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.292033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.301050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.295673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.294777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.296855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.295854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.292690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.296325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.297466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.292033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.301050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.295673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.294777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.296855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 19274.155262                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 19253.227659                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 19246.403883                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 19237.206092                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 19206.719235                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 19200.354393                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 19283.960243                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 19244.956586                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19243.994332                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 22334.515237                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 22783.451371                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 22680.037781                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 22477.211496                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 22744.141395                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 22433.699058                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 22933.635363                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 22549.261946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22617.696207                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 61112.551674                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 59870.158120                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 59292.448611                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 59588.425414                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 59871.435792                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 60236.848214                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 59459.368493                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 60442.264920                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59971.698797                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 27379.111153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 27631.657728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 27605.474215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 27564.019311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 27757.456189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 27187.388473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 27906.366654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 27430.659479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27558.613990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 27379.111153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 27631.657728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 27605.474215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 27564.019311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 27757.456189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 27187.388473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 27906.366654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 27430.659479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27558.613990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 51975.587807                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 51914.458465                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 51919.662694                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 51952.415169                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 51935.072593                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 51933.073461                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 51940.917554                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 51928.287298                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 51937.372529                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 33443.280412                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 33337.658856                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 33637.284713                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 33165.629829                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 33315.757096                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 33504.118091                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 33149.271115                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 33500.900238                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 33381.197903                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               78773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43787                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            61348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             49073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       377440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 377440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1081783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1081783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            56900                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            253448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  253448    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              253448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           289313112                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              57.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          244976000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             49.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       662658                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       284136                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       332740                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          12293                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5765                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         6528                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              78775                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            371396                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43790                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43780                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        83926                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          105295                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29475                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29475                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           162920                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          162916                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       292639                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               1068709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1800550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1795691                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1783667                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1792707                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1790564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1791999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1796631                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1788086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14339895                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          335681                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           623777                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.148975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.984758                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 172972     27.73%     27.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 258444     41.43%     69.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 133198     21.35%     90.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  46670      7.48%     98.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  10752      1.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                   1603      0.26%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                    135      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             623777                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          493769156                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             98.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         102470874                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         102502346                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         102645272                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         102492443                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         102725884                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         102549521                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         102424000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         102560017                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
