
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.481958                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                481957625500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               481957625500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  86883                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   160778                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50643012                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 314272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9516.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   826847303                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1530082520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            154624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24604096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24758720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       154624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          154624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18874880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18874880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             384439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                386855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          294920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               294920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               320825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             51050330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51371155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          320825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             320825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          39162945                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               39162945                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          39162945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              320825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            51050330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               90534100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        386855                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       294920                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      386855                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     294920                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 24737792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     20928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18873280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  24758720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               18874880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      327                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               24516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               26460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               24685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               23203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               23588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               23786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               23509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              24817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              23975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              23290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              22963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              23965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              24296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               18881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               19925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               19022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               18969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               18086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               18421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               19142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               19085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               18675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               17903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              18899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              17761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              17398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              16983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              17797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              17948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    481957508500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  386855                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 294920                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    381052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      5169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     7003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    16980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    17617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    17604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    17655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    17615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    17685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    17703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    17675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    17789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    17559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    17489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       150272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      290.205707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     171.657717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     319.431199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          56562     37.64%     37.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41303     27.49%     65.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13716      9.13%     74.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7600      5.06%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5568      3.71%     83.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3790      2.52%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2987      1.99%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2640      1.76%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16106     10.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         150272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         17470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        22.124900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      243.906372                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          17461     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            5      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           17470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         17470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.880080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.823698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.084974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17271     98.86%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             152      0.87%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              24      0.14%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31               6      0.03%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               3      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               4      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               4      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-211             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           17470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     4249579000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11496979000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1932640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10994.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29744.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          51.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          39.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       51.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       39.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        20.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     315674                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    215465                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   81.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       706915.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      77.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  581999040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  317559000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1528152600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                981784800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            31478846880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            70268579415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           227533024500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             332689946235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              690.294629                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   377929772750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     16093480000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     87930818250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  553777560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  302160375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1486375800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                928823760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            31478846880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            68021430795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           229504207500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             332275622670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              689.434954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   381228600750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     16093480000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     84631916750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               297786504                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         297786504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          23596621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            229702188                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                40293529                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            4405587                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups       229702188                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits          119907455                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses        109794733                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted     11576014                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  551                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        963915252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          229572933                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1587362959                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   297786504                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          160200984                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     709710694                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                48100941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                       1387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                31814                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        398605                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         6640                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 216353847                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               6306355                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          963772561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.083618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.495232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                472321182     49.01%     49.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 36440853      3.78%     52.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 36199829      3.76%     56.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 33073350      3.43%     59.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 28557183      2.96%     62.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 29987754      3.11%     66.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 40189317      4.17%     70.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 37482048      3.89%     74.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                249521045     25.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            963772561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.308934                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.646787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                165558629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             380809572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 312283336                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              81070554                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               24050470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2743818074                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               24050470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                201592178                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               193949048                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          12373                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 351358358                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             192810134                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2626442761                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                758361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents              120779385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               21914925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               41340162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2707324732                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            6591643908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       4206582921                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           2532048                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1616961572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps               1090363160                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                921                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            827                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 369363812                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            608309859                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           244105032                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         253215291                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         76456984                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 2419527437                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              123521                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1999245990                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           3630215                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       889568438                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1509945066                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         122969                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     963772561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.074396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.106547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           335335755     34.79%     34.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           135420425     14.05%     48.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           129949182     13.48%     62.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           118520110     12.30%     74.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            97996233     10.17%     84.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            67311922      6.98%     91.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            45709014      4.74%     96.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            22671115      2.35%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            10858805      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       963772561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                11256438     43.50%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     43.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead               11830784     45.72%     89.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               2789302     10.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           2910372      0.15%      0.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1333563815     66.70%     66.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               358658      0.02%     66.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               4798558      0.24%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  10      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     67.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            471264290     23.57%     90.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           186350287      9.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1999245990                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.074089                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    25876524                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.012943                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4990508159                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        3305732748                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1923901013                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1263121                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            4059650                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       238029                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             2021668252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  543890                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        179792885                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    224226629                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       339387                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       641597                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     94946837                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        32049                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           734                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               24050470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               144665099                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               6487735                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          2419650958                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           1303031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             608309942                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            244105032                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              42573                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1493780                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               4140484                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         641597                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        8724662                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     20631512                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             29356174                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1945805936                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             456837338                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          53440054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    635668777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                185171662                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  178831439                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.018648                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1934669445                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1924139042                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1457092334                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                2203939353                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.996170                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.661131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       889643735                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             552                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          23627115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    831081217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.841075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.465971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    351390819     42.28%     42.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    184611364     22.21%     64.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57978208      6.98%     71.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     87188862     10.49%     81.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     30418140      3.66%     85.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     26591078      3.20%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     10434720      1.26%     90.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      9032324      1.09%     91.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     73435702      8.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    831081217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            826847303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1530082520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      533241508                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     384083313                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  149981740                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1527470225                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             17673145                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      2048202      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        989691028     64.68%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          306834      0.02%     64.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          4794948      0.31%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       384083313     25.10%     90.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      149158195      9.75%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1530082520                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              73435702                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   3177371770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  4973814894                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            2014                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          142691                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   826847303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1530082520                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.165772                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.165772                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.857801                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.857801                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               2928585667                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1576867903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    239177                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                        8                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 617820038                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                419954937                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads              1064369445                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2545945                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4088.303608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           421067815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2550041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            165.121978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1812560500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4088.303608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          634                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         851394195                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        851394195                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    272697526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       272697526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    148366944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148366944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     421064470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        421064470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    421064470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       421064470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2566340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2566340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       791267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       791267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3357607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3357607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3357607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3357607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  57037182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57037182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  24501570500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24501570500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  81538752500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81538752500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  81538752500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81538752500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    275263866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    275263866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    149158211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149158211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    424422077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    424422077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    424422077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    424422077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005305                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005305                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22225.107351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22225.107351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30964.984639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30964.984639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24284.781542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24284.781542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24284.781542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24284.781542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8528                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1295                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               875                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.746286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    92.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2337968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2337968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       800154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       800154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         5753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       805907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       805907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       805907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       805907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1766186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1766186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       785514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       785514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2551700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2551700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2551700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2551700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33673145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33673145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23618473500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23618473500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  57291618500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  57291618500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  57291618500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  57291618500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005266                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005266                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19065.457998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19065.457998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30067.539853                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30067.539853                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22452.333150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22452.333150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22452.333150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22452.333150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              4014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1083.903563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           216343916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              5738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          37703.714883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1083.903563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.529250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.529250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1724                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1566                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         432715084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        432715084                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    216344175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       216344175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     216344175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        216344175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    216344175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       216344175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         9672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          9672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           9672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         9672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          9672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    343660500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    343660500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    343660500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    343660500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    343660500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    343660500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    216353847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    216353847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    216353847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    216353847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    216353847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    216353847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35531.482630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35531.482630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35531.482630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35531.482630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35531.482630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35531.482630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          348                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              4014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    243725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    243725000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243725000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    243725000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243725000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32980.378890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32980.378890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32980.378890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32980.378890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32980.378890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32980.378890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           355161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        29604.694298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3909300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           387527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            10.087813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     233930910500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 20962.660906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   196.060575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  8445.972818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.639730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.005983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.257751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.903464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        20752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987732                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         41979246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        41979246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2337968                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2337968                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3923                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         3923                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          317                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total          317                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       577397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       577397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         3252                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3252                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      1588195                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1588195                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2165592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2168844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         3252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2165592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2168844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         1342                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1342                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       206686                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       206686                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         2416                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2416                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       177763                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       177763                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       384449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        386865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2416                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       384449                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       386865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2044500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2044500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16338042000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16338042000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195535500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    195535500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14302139500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14302139500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195535500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  30640181500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30835717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195535500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  30640181500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30835717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2337968                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2337968                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3923                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3923                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1659                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1659                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       784083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       784083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5668                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5668                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1765958                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1765958                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2550041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2555709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2550041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2555709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.808921                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.808921                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.263602                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.263602                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.426253                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.426253                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.100661                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100661                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.426253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.426253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  1523.472429                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1523.472429                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79047.647156                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79047.647156                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80933.567881                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80933.567881                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80456.222611                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80456.222611                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80933.567881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79698.949666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79706.659946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80933.567881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79698.949666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79706.659946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       294920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           294920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1342                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1342                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       206686                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206686                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2416                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2416                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       177763                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       177763                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       384449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       386865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       384449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       386865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     25553999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25553999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14271182000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14271182000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    171375500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171375500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12524509500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12524509500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    171375500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26795691500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26967067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    171375500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26795691500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26967067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.808921                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808921                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.263602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.426253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.100661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.426253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.426253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19041.728018                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19041.728018                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69047.647156                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69047.647156                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70933.567881                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70933.567881                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70456.222611                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70456.222611                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70933.567881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69698.949666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69706.659946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70933.567881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69698.949666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69706.659946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5109049                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2551690                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         8246                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2834                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2829                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1773348                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2632888                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4014                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       268218                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1659                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1659                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       784083                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       784083                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         7390                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1765958                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        17072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      7649345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           7666417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       619648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    312832576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          313452224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      356883                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      2914251                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.004390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.066139                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            2901462     99.56%     99.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1              12784      0.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        2914251                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4896549913                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      11087994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3825891006                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             180179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       294920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            57436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        180179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1127418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1127418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1127418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     43633600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     43633600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43633600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            740563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  740563    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              740563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1999132580                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2047220500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
