
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.203116                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                203115946500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               203115946500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 790551                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   800787                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1194752753                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 255284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   170.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134398959                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     136139187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            525056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           7828352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              8353408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       525056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          525056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5457280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           5457280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               8204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             122318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                130522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           85270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                85270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              2585006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             38541297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                41126303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         2585006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2585006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          26867807                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               26867807                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          26867807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             2585006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            38541297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               67994110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1946                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        406231893                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   134398959                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     136139187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             115187757                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2326976                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1709332                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      8898968                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    115187757                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2326976                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           263032419                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          113147730                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4725606                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1150968                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      58160261                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    37275864                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   20884397                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               406231892.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          12719094                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass              11445042      8.40%      8.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  66342067     48.68%     57.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  325584      0.24%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 37296718     27.36%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                20884397     15.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  136293808                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            146583                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4087.268923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            57960841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            150679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            384.664359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         822359500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4087.268923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3586                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         116373719                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        116373719                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     37185800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        37185800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     20759140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       20759140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data        15901                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total           15901                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      57944940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         57944940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     57944940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        57944940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        45500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         45500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       105164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       105164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu.data           15                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            15                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       150664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         150664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       150664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        150664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1623315500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1623315500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6329554000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6329554000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       441000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       441000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7952869500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7952869500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7952869500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7952869500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     37231300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     37231300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     20864304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     20864304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data        15916                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total        15916                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     58095604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     58095604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     58095604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     58095604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000942                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35677.263736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35677.263736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60187.459587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60187.459587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        29400                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29400                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52785.466336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52785.466336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52785.466336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52785.466336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       123865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            123865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        45500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       105164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       105164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           15                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       150664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       150664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       150664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1577815500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1577815500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6224390000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6224390000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       426000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       426000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7802205500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7802205500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7802205500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7802205500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34677.263736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34677.263736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59187.459587                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59187.459587                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        28400                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28400                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51785.466336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51785.466336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51785.466336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51785.466336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            184976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2004.181265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           134366557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            187024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            718.445531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      144582800500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2004.181265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.978604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         269294186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        269294186                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    134366557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       134366557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     134366557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        134366557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    134366557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       134366557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        187024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         187024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        187024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2835239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2835239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2835239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2835239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2835239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2835239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    134553581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    134553581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    134553581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    134553581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    134553581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    134553581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15159.760245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15159.760245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15159.760245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15159.760245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15159.760245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15159.760245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       184976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            184976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       187024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       187024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       187024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2648215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2648215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2648215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2648215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2648215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2648215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14159.760245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14159.760245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14159.760245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14159.760245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14159.760245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14159.760245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements            99022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30843.699683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             433832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           130065                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             3.335501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 26289.169168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3249.863620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1304.666895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.802282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.099178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.039815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        31043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          566                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          557                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.947357                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          5588812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         5588812                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       123865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       123865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       184923                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total       184923                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         3915                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         3915                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst       178820                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       178820                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        24446                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        24446                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       178820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        28361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          207181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       178820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        28361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         207181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       101264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       101264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         8204                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         8204                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        21054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        21054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         8204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       122318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        130522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         8204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       122318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       130522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6025890000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6025890000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    488461500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    488461500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1252834000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1252834000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    488461500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7278724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7767185500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    488461500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7278724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7767185500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       123865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       123865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       184923                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total       184923                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       105179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       105179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       187024                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        45500                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        45500                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       150679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       337703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       150679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       337703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.962778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.962778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043866                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.043866                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.462725                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.462725                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.811779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.386499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.811779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.386499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59506.734871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59506.734871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59539.431984                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59539.431984                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59505.747126                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59505.747126                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59539.431984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59506.564856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59508.630729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59539.431984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59506.564856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59508.630729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        85270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            85270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           96                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       101264                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       101264                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8204                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         8204                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        21054                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        21054                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       122318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       130522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       122318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       130522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5013250000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5013250000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    406421500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    406421500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1042294000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042294000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    406421500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6055544000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6461965500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    406421500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6055544000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6461965500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.962778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.462725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.811779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.811779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49506.734871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49506.734871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49539.431984                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49539.431984                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49505.747126                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49505.747126                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49539.431984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49506.564856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49508.630729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49539.431984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49506.564856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49508.630729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       669262                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       331559                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           66                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         3547                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3547                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        232524                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       209135                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       184976                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        36470                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       105179                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       105179                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       187024                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        45500                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       559024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       447941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           1006965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     23808000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     17570816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           41378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                       99022                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       436725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.008273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.090579                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0             433112     99.17%     99.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               3613      0.83%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         436725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      643472000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     280536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     226018500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              29258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        85270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            101264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           101264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         29258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       356615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 356615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     13810688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13810688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            226093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  226093    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              226093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           568574500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          652610000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
